https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9r9HYFxEQOBXSopFS61ZWg          // @MeidasTouch
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCpYCxV51bykhMY-wSUozQRg          // @TheLincolnProject
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCh6GrMUsjv3-LQ3z93OLznA          // @ElevenFilms
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC0VTA6PQH7nKKgRO8ptMatQ          // @PoliticsGirl
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCrWmonkmTk5NbvmVnc7f70w          // @GlennKirschner2
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCQANb2YPwAtK-IQJrLaaUFw          // @briantylercohen
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCYxRlFDqcWM4y7FfpiAN3KQ          // @WhiteHouse
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC0BRnRwe7yDZXIaF-QZfvhA          // @thefive-8
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMtFAi84ehTSYSE9XoHefig          // @ColbertLateShow
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC068u_QawXOmKYFB56DuhcA          // @MatthewCookeOfficial
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC5HJaVyYgo7WPCvIBchRBzQ          // @TheProblemWithJonStewart
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVTyTA7-g9nopHeHbeuvpRA          // @LateNightSeth
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3XTzVzaHQEd30rQbuvCtTQ          // @LastWeekTonight
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCpr3mNMkbqfd2E4vTIRVMIg          // @cschecter
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCkbwLFZhawBqK2b9gW08z3g          // @FIVEMINUTENEWS        // Anthony Davis
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCs6xzdLy3c0Hcf7N89U_qgQ          // @TheSoupCentral        // Pekka Kallioniemi
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCqGakAUEeUuIJY0gRAIrgzA          // @DenverRiggleman-facthunter
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCz5A-aGaSZ4Ws9mLLXVsJIQ          // @radicalizedpod
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJcWDNh9E6AoVW4nsMXyVCw          // @molly0xfff            // Molly White
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCTFjmvpWb_gfIAFsEZqD3NQ          // @@Politicon
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCbjBOso0vpWgDht9dPIVwhQ          // @thomhartmann
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCTcCX_XY4l-W2ba5IxIRhsg          // @tpmtv
